
Finanz Informatik GmbH & Co. KG logo
Java Software Developer (m/f/d)
Finanz Informatik GmbH & Co. KG
Hannover, Münster, Frankfurt am Main
Permanent Employment
Home office possible, Full-time
Posted: 3 days ago
€52,000 - €79,000/year (estimated for full-time)
Be one of the first applicants
Finanz Informatik GmbH & Co. KG logo
Java Software Developer (m/f/d)
Finanz Informatik GmbH & Co. KG
Does this job suit me?
Check before applying whether you meet the requirements.

Less suitable
Excellent fit
slide number 1
As one of Europe's largest banking IT service providers and digitalization partners, we are the driver of digitalization within the Sparkassen-Finanzgruppe. With over 5,000 employees at 3 locations, we make today's digital banking powerful and develop smart financial services for tomorrow. We offer a wide range of tasks in which individual strengths can be excellently applied. Whether app development, network technologies and server operations or consulting, training and support – everyone finds their calling with us! As a specialist or generalist. All with the best career opportunities, plenty of room for personal development and numerous benefits.

For the organizational unit Framework Credits, Aval & Consortium, we are looking for the earliest possible date for the location Hannover, Münster or Frankfurt am Main a

Java Software Developer (m/f/d).

Note: The team is exclusively located at the Hannover location.

#participate – what awaits you:
Innovative Software Development: Architectural conception and independent new and further development of business processes, services and workflows in Java and JavaScript.
Diverse Projects: Taking responsibility and participating in complex projects from analysis through design to implementation, testing, documentation and introduction.
Coordination: Technical contact person (m/f/d) for product managers and executives, as well as steering technical topics in the development team.
Technical Implementation: Close collaboration with banking product managers and implementation of technical change requests.
Quality Assurance & Performance Optimization: Conception and implementation of measures for quality assurance and performance optimization.
Solution Finder: Taking over the last-level support for our developed components and managing program deployments.
#bring – what we expect:
Background: Completed degree in computer science, business informatics or comparable training (e.g. IT specialist).
Experience: Min. 6 years of relevant professional experience and solid knowledge in software development with Java and JavaScript.
Technologies: Knowledge of tools such as IntelliJ, Subversion, Git, Maven, Harvest, Guice or JUnit.
Frontend Development: Experience with React and Material UI is desirable.
Working Style: Structured, goal-oriented and independent approach to tasks.
Curiosity: Pronounced curiosity and perseverance for new topics.
Team Spirit: Enjoyment of teamwork, reliability and commitment as well as willingness to occasional travel.
Your Benefits at Finanz Informatik:
You're wondering why you should work at Finanz Informatik? We have a few good reasons for you. In addition to flexible working hours, discounted job tickets or the possibility to work mobile, we offer you much more:

Retirement Provision
Barrier-free
Company Sports
Family Service
Company Events
Flexible Working Hours
Mobile Working
Job Ticket
Canteen
Collective Agreement
Further Training
Fitness Promotion
We offer you an attractive salary based on your qualifications as well as your relevant practical experience.

